Explore: Add documentation around transformations in the explore editor (#78082)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/correlations/create-a-new-correlation/index.md

Make sure you have permission to add new correlations. Only users with write permissions to data sources can define new correlations.

## Create a correlation in Explore's correlations editor

> Please see Explore's [documentation]({{< relref "../../../explore/correlations-editor-in-explore" >}}) about building correlations in Explore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, refer to Explore's [documentation]({{< relref "../../../explore/correlations-editor-in-explore" >}}) about building correlations in Explore.
```
